-97-

Parbtes which accept this form for the purpose of preferential treatment under the Agreemert between the Republic
of Indonesia and Japan for an Economic Partnership (hereinafter referred to as “the Agreement’) are indonesia and

Japan.

General conditions:
“The condmens for the prefenzetis! tariff treatrent under the Agmemrent are that the goods exported to indoresa or Jagan
shoukd:

i fall within desexipton of goods ihe fox concession in ncionvasia or Japere
a SATAY EI OUE OS re In Preferenos ontena : and
ib. comply wih fhe congigrrriant citaria of Article 33

Preference criteria:
& The good is wholy obtained or produoad entirely in the Party. a3 defined in parayaph 2 of Anidte 20.
B The goodgis produoad entirety in the Party exdusrvely fon; ongnating materials of the Paty.

C The good sausfies the product specifiorules set out n Annes 2. as well as al other appliosble requirements of Chapter
3, when the good is produoad entirely in the Paty using nonmongnating maends. rn

Instructions tor cectiicate of
For the purposes cf claiming preferential tanff teatrent the document shoud be completed legibly and in full by the expceter
or ts ahora ager and one! by Brea competent governmental auncly re ceapmee™ Any item of the form shoud

be completedin ish 2. deoument should be no longer waid, f itis completed in ary languages other
pry sian bat ths alg

if the space of this document is insidient to soeatfy SSD the NecerEwy DaUesiae Ss See the goods art cther related

formation, the exporter or ts authorized prowide the informapon usin; adibonal Aoperdis LA. Inthatcase, eey
axkitona 3 1 Seid Ge cares gy ana iby te see ote ashoraes agent and certfioated by the

competent governmental authomy or its designe.

Fiekd 1; State the fl narne, address and county ofthe exporter.

Fieki 2; State the full name, address and country of the imeorter, As defined in subparagraph (ff of Arooe 28, Smoceter”
oy8aNS a person who imports a good into ths importing Party (2.9. tye consignee who decisres the importation}.

Fidid 3; Drie’ tye name of togding Bott marek port and dlechargng, port and, the name of vessel / Bord essrber. es. fer. a5

Fieid +: Provide tam number (a5 necessary), mxks and numbers of packages, number and kind of packages. HS tact
Gazsdoaton sumber as amanded on January {, "Sods and desarpon ef sach good cores consigned Rr .

Foe each good, the HS tanif dassiicaton number shoud beindicated of the six-digt evel

Tie ceeoieen di fe a on the cextificate of origin shouid be substantially identical to the descripuon on th invoiog
arc. # possible, to the spon underthe HS fertne good.

Wid) respect to Sitios ee 2208.90, Nog taal Guy ond he Spare pelt isa
Specific product reauinng a speca description (2.9. ins! cuny snd tgusa goods) suai desonpion of specfic
Products should be ndioatecl.

WAR reapect io at 60 ci CS 50 tyough 83 of the HS. the matenals of the oer Party or nonParies atyah
are member countnes of Te AGEAN the ses cr gperations Conducted in such Paty of non Parties, and the
Neen Mra ccra Panes tinal indicated (# 20h mraterrs were used in the productnicf the good

Field 5: For each good. state which preference ortanca (4 through C under Preference Ceiteia above) is isable, The
nies of onyinare contained in Chagter 3 and Annex 2. pis
Wote: In cedar to be ented to posferertal iaiff trestment, each good cf 3 Party should mest at east one of the omenia
given.
Indicate “ACU for accumulation, ‘OMI for de mininis and "FGAT for fungte goods or materials, f appiicatie.
Fiekd 8. For each good, indoste the quantity or weight.
Field 7: lngboaie Wie imnazoeipumber iid dake for each good: Tre invatoe shoud be the one issusd for the importation of the
good info the imparting Party.
Ifthe invotoe is tsaued by 3 person different from the exporter to whom the oertifioste oF cnign is issued and the person
who issues the invoioe is igoated in a non-Pany. t shoud be indicated in field 8 that the goods will be iciced in a
non-Party, dantifying the full egal name and address of th= person that issues the invoios.
In an axoephona bailar al bye eked ld Albee do lien dea
the catficate of odgin, the invovos number and the date of invoice issued thes ae to aay oe Caeiae of
ongin [5 sued shoud be indicated in fied 7, gad R shoud De ncipstedin ad & will be subject to
creechncke w ba asusdhe pon Paty te importation into the nore rg be egal nere
and ackdress of the person that wil issue such other invoke, In such relevant aushorty of the imeerting
amly ry See the Brooriee to eve Bie roc. and ety ober recsart, Cocunants Wests confirm the
transaction, from the exrorting Party to the importing Party, with regards the goods declared far imoort.

www.jdih.kem poalspu. .go.id
