-65-

OVERLEAF NOTES

1. Purles which aoasntthis farm toc tha purpone of prolerentiat reatmont unier he ASEAN-GHINA Frap Trada Araa Profocmtinl Tarif:

BRUNEI DARUSSALAM CAMBODIA, CHINA
INDONESIA LAOS MALAYSIA
MYANMAIT PHILIPPINES: SINGAPORE
THAILAND VIETNAM

2 CONDITIONS: The rnin condilions (or adiiasion to the preferontial tmatment usder the AGFTA Preferential Tani area Mal products.
Sento any Partise liated above;

0) must fall within a deserplien of products eligible tor concassions In tha country of dastination;

(i) wsLvomply with the consignment condijons that the preducta must be cunsiyned ditectly from any ACFTA Party to tbe
inyparting Party but teansport that invelves passing through une ar mor isiemadiata NOMAGPIA Panes, i AI8O ACCEpter
provided that any intermediva tringit, tranashipmant ar tamporary storage ansos only for googephic ronsons or
tennsporiation raqukwmeans, and

(ili) aunt comply with the origin erltada givan in next paragraph.

ORIGIN: CRITEFIA: for oxperta to the abuye mentioned Counties ta be efgitle for pretareniial teaatment, he fequlrement ts that

olinor:

ti) The producta whelly obtained In the oxporing Party ag detined la Aula 9 of Ihe Bula of Origin for tha ACETA;

6) Subject to aub-paragraph (i) abaya, for tha purpose of Implamonting the provisions ef Rule 2 (b) of tha Nutar of Origin forthe
ACFTA, praducta worker on and procosood aa a raoull of which tie lola! value of the matodsin, parts ar produce orlyinating
from non-ACFTA Parting or of undalenvined origin used dans nol pxcaod 60% of the FOB value of Ihe product produced or
obtained and the final procoag ot the manulacture Ix porformad withls territory of the oxpoiling Party;

Gly Products whieh comply with origin raquiromonts provided for in Rule 2 ut tte Quins of Orgia for tha AOFTA and which ae
used In a Party aa inpute fora finished product aligivie for proterantial tranimant in another Party/Pathes shall la connidornd
AK # product orginaling is the Party where workingy Hr processing of the finished product lay taken plica previdind that the
Aggregaio ACETA content of the final praduet is nol fons than 49%; or

(w)—- Praducts which satisfy the Product Specitie Rules pisvided tyr in Aachmant 3 of the Rulos of Origin tor tha ACETA aball ba
fonsidered ne products to which aulficiant anstormatinn has bean cared out in 6 Party.

e

(iba products quatify uader the above eriterts, he exporter must indicate M Bax 8 of :bis [orn the vdgin criteria an the basis of which
de claims that his products qualily for preferential treatment, in the manner shove in the fullowing tables

Insert in Dax &

aD er &
a} Croduets wholly produced in the country of exportation (sat “wor
paragraph 3 (1) above)

ai LCL, —s ="

{b) Prosiuets worked upon but nol wholly prevuced in the exporting
Pany which were produced iy confurnily with the provisions of
paragraph 3 Gl) wbave

Cusumstances of praduction of manutactura in tho fysi county
rramied in Bor 11 of Ils fonp

Prrcentope of singin country coatent,
pxamiplo a0%

fo) Provucts worked upon but nul wholly produced In the exporting
Party whieh were produnad in contanmity with the provisions of
patagitaph 3 (i) above

Percantagn of ACFTA cunuialive
content, Gxample 40%

“PSY

{d) Producia satisfied tha Product Spocitic Rules (PSR)

4. BAGH ARTICLE MUST QUALIFY: It ahould bo noted that all ihe products ins ooasigemnant must quality saparalely in Urele own gts.
This is of particular rplovonce when sinclar urlicies of diferent aizos or spate pars are sent.

3. DESCRIPTION OF PRODUCTS: ‘The description af products must ba sufficienily deiaded to anable the products te bo identified by
tae Customs Officers axamining tham, Name of manulacturor, any wade aivrk shall atso be spocifed.

6 The Harmonised System umber sbalt he that of tho Importing Pasty,

7 Tha term “Exporter ta Box 11 nay faclude ina mamulaaturar of the pracucer, fe tha cage of MG the term “Exporter” also Inetudas the
exporar it tha inturnodinte Party.

@. FOR OFFICIAL USE: The Quetoms Authority af the impoding Party must indicat (N) in the relewant Loxas in columa a wawther or
nol potential {reatment |s accorded.

9. Movement Gortticata: In cane of Movernont Cortifiosio, in accordance with Aula 12 of Ihe Operntional Contificution Proandiros,
“Movement Cartiicate™ In Box 15 aboutd ba dcked (¥), The nana of cilginal Issuing Authoiitiog of the Party, dala of the Issuance
And the rderonce number of he ariginal Cerificate ot Origin (orn £) fo bo Inglente In Box 13.

10. THIAD PARTY INVOICING: In cases whe inveicns are lesuad by a Usird cowry, "ha Third Parly Invelcing™ fy Box W xhrll be
tukot (49. The invelco NUnber shall be iidicaind In Box 10. Information such as oAmN and county Df the company Imnuling tho
invoice shall be ineicated in Box 7,

BXHIRIONG: In caous where producth ary’ gent forse exporting Party for extibios ie another Bary and apd during ar alter
the exhibition fer importation into a Party, in aecerioncs with Rute 22 of Altachmust A ef the Nufas of Origin tor dia ACKIA, tha
“Exbibifions” in Box £3 eftould be tickad (4) ansh tha nama onl addross vf the exbiteton indicatad by Box 2.

te. ISSUED RETROACTIVELY: In exceptional casas, Gua to involuntary: enor of omissians of othar vahd casses, the Conificate ef

Ofgin Fann &) may be [saved toironclively In accordance wih Rule 11 of Atachment A ol Ue Fulen of Origin fer the ACETA
‘The “ested Fotroactivaly” in Box 13 afinit de ticked (VY),

www. jdih.kemepkey. go.id
